gh-71616: Add note to warn against general translation of saxutils.escape() (#93450)
python/cpython: Doc/library/xml.sax.utils.rst

   replaced with its corresponding value.  The characters ``'&'``, ``'<'`` and
   ``'>'`` are always escaped, even if *entities* is provided.

   .. note::

      This function should only be used to escape characters that are

>       problematic to include directly in XML. Do not use this function as a general

Reviewer: This wording doesnt seem too ideal for me, can we use serhey's `that can't be used directly in XML ...`.

>       This function should only be used to escape characters that are
>       problematic to include directly in XML. Do not use this function as a general

Author: ```suggestion
      This function should only be used to escape characters that
      can't be used directly in XML. Do not use this function as a general
```
